[NEW USERNAME NOTES]
Comment here if you feel you haven't seen your name in the list.

u/RG_kid = Om G
u/sasannaditya = Yung
u/solodiosbasta = Panda
u/fuckedupkid_yo = Mike
u/natcookie = Farah
u/rektlelel = Raihan
u/xenovore = Afin
u/p3rsephon3 = 0L0p
u/RamaAnthony = Rizki
u/ardimo = Ardimo
u/kujangus = Dani
u/octoroiguldan = Ical
u/mbok_jamu = Rerre
u/pisangmadu = Joannah
u/inuandjaime = Bunga
u/fwidianto = Fei
u/bigfanofstuff = Bryant
u/carl-jotosaon = Charles
u/iceharvester = Ayu
u/LysanderToo = Albertus
u/jonicrecis = Jonic
u/trilbyfrank = Frank
u/SHSL_fanboy = Joel
u/tesna = Tesna
u/grandiaziel = Bertus
u/jeksi = Jeksi
u/kenrare = Kenza
u/th2ndchmst = Dudit
u/oapaijgnuah = Jemmy
u/FluorescentChair = Hans
u/eccentrus = Thomas
u/v1nn13z = Ares
u/pluginout = Bianca
u/lavarel = Yud
u/rndprst = Randy
u/commonpoison = Ines
u/laluna0308 = Sauda
u/sendokbebek = Silmi
u/hendyhellyeah = Hendy
u/hexoftorment = Edo
u/freetosay = Yuscha
u/kuks_ = Sebastian
u/teopedo = Paci
u/deenoyrtahk = Zaidan
u/tempetahu = Hazim
u/roflpaladin = Dewe
u/rathalos04 = Rafi
u/nero420 = Jays
u/acesofrazgriz = Dino
u/mousezard = Luqman
u/belumjago = Digna
u/ocinisme = Nico
u/greyfader = Maverick
u/nick1235 = Ramli
u/Sylviath = Ammar
u/bleuhbell = Josua
u/petiskacang = Alvin
u/Vulphere = Anan
u/misscheats = Cita
u/ndepeek = Oppy
u/FukuchiChiisaia21 = Yoga
u/JiiiiiZZZZzZZZzzz = Sule
u/anjir = Theo
u/decade898 = Kelvin
u/shmktzw = Gisella
u/tropicalreddit = Dea
u/themightymidas = Ash
u/parame = Lakas
u/rijlalwa = Aji
u/indopolarbear = Bundi
u/whalecum = Sandya
